Here is the practical test.

There is a YAML file (in attachment) that describes services, hosts at which they are running, and their dependencies.
 Please ignore the 'hosts' sections for this test.

The goal of this test is to write a program in Python to load such YAML files, analyze them, and print a dependencies
 order based on the service dependencies.

This program must support two command-line arguments: "start" and "stop".

1. Service can be started if all of its dependencies are started.
2. Service can be stopped if all of its dependants are stopped.
3. Multiple services should be started or stopped in parallel, if possible

It's something that any service management system(upstart, systemd, etc.) does. For example, if you want to start all
 these services, you need to start them in the order, so no service will be started before its dependent service is
  started.

Consider this example:
---
mysql:
  deps: []
zookeeper:
  deps: []
kibana:
  deps:
    - mysql
fullhouse:
  deps:
    - kibana
    - zookeeper

Start:
1. both mysql and zookeeper should be started in parallel
2. kibana depends on mysql and should be started right after it
3. fullhouse depends on kibana and zookeeper and must wait for them to start

Stop:
1. no services depend on fullhouse, it can be stopped right away
2. since fullhouse is stopped and no other services depend on kibana and zookeeper, they can be stopped in parallel
3. and finally we can stop mysql

Additional instructions:
1. Don't worry about actually starting or stopping services.  Your main goal is to establish the order in which
 starting and stopping should happen.
2. Please only use built-in data types; it is not allowed to use Python libraries for graph representation
 (it makes the task too easy).

Please pay attention to the "small things" (error handling, code documentation, …); the overall quality of the code
 will be measured.  In short, please treat this assignment as if you were writing production code.

Please note that your script will be tested against different, bigger yaml file which could have different dependencies
 but overall logic will be the same, so make sure you test different scenarios.

Please submit the test using the URL below.

Good luck!

